Provide possibility to start automated tests (#41)
siemens/CtrlppCheck: WinCC_OA_Test/readme.md

# WinCC OA tests for QualityChecks

Here are located all WinCC OA tests based on WinCC CtrlTestFramework to validate QualityChecks.

> Execute the test run "Regressions-tests" to validate all regressions before you commit some changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the test run "regression tests" to validate all regressions before you commit some changes.
```

## Execute tests

> To execute WinCC OA tests starts the script *executeTests.cmd* form command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To execute WinCC OA tests start the script *executeTests* from command line.
```

Author: will be handled in #43
